we're gonna give a short demonstration
today on Taylor's newest two-sided
cooking grill the model C 820 this girl
has many unique features the first of
which is its ease of operation you just
choose what what product you're going to
be cooking on the control at this
particular time it's fresh hamburger hit
the lower button the grill will
automatically come down and start
cooking to a precise GAAP setting the
the grill cooks from both sides so it
allows you to cook at a much faster pace
than the standard flat save 4-foot grill
this grill will cook up to 12 fresh
hamburgers in 90 seconds so if you're a
fast pace restaurant and you're looking
to turn some tables get get your
customers in and out this is the perfect
grill for you not only does it cook so
much faster but it's also much narrower
than a standard 4 foot grill again if
your hood space is at a premium or you
don't have a lot of hood space to begin
with you're looking to get a grill to
cook many different products this is the
perfect grill for you the control on
this grill can be set to cook up to 75
different menu items so it takes all the
you know basically any product that you
would want to cook on your menu can be
programmed into this grill whether or
not you're cooking steaks chicken
breasts pork chops
it can even be set to lower the gap to
something as thin as bacon or shaved
corned beef for corned beef sandwiches
anything like that this grill is
infinitely adjustable to cook in almost
any product you can think of it's got a
timer on the front it's down to about 20
seconds right now that will allow your
waitstaff to know exactly how much time
is left allow the cooks to know how much
time is left
this grill will cook consistently every
time no matter what if you have a brand
new chef or not at about five seconds
left it's going to go ahead and make a
short beep and it's going to raise when
the timer counts down to zero again we
have one burger on here now but there's
no reason that couldn't be six on each
side season to taste perfect burger
every time still got juices in it
absolutely perfect